## Steven Rhodes
### ASP.NET Chapter 8 Homework

### 1. Describe the difference between a view and a partial view.
A partial view is a view that's rendered within another view. The HTML output generated by executing the partial view is rendered into the calling (or parent) view.

### 2. Throughout the book you have seen examples of LINQ, in your own words describe what it is used for and how it works.
MS language developers provided a way to express queries directly in their languages (such as c# and vb). The techniques for forming these queries do not rely on the implementation details of the thing being queried, so that you can write valid queries against many targets (databases, in-memory objects, xml) with practically no consideration of the underlying way in which the query will be executed.

### 3. Look at this piece of code and tell me what it does, and where I would find it written: a. routes.MapRoute(null, "{category}/Page{page}", new { controller = "Product", action = "List" },new { page = @"\d+" }); b. Which call maps to 3a?
RouteConfig.cs

### 4. Give a brief explanation of the ASP.Net routing system.
ASP.NET routing system is used by MVC to handle incoming requests from clients, but it also generates outgoing URLs that conform to the URL scheme and that can be embedded in web pages

### 5. ASP.Net has a concept of child actions, can you describe it? How would you use it?
Relies on the HTML helper method called html.action, which lets you include the output from an arbitrary action method in the current view

### 6. What is a _Layout.cshtml file? How do you use it, if at all?
The _layout.cshtml files integrates the child action into the rest of the application - the child action is rendered in the layout rather than a specific view

### 7. What is a ViewResult? A PartialViewResult? An ActionResult? When/how would you use them?


### 8. What is an Entity and how is it used in this project?


### 9. When creating a form in ASP.Net what command can you use that will generate the traditional HTML element? What are action attributes and what kind of actions can a form perform?


### 10. What is an ASP.Net session state? How is it being used in this project?


### 11. Why would you create a separate Model object? What is it’s purpose?


### 12. Describe some ways that Bootstrap was used in this chapter.